## Design Thinking Approach

Our project exploits a design thinking approach, which is a non-linear process that provides a solution-based approach to solving problems. It cycles through stages of empathy, problem definition, ideation, prototyping and testing to eventually reveal a final product to the customer which meets their needs and solves their problem. 

During the empathy stage, our group identified the stakeholders and explained how they are directly affected by the system and its development. Empathy maps were then created to gain a better understanding of them. We gathered that the Relationship Manager (RM) was mainly concerned with the customer, their rating and whether the customer will purchase a package from them. They recognise the potential to gain experience and increase their skill level specially from selling to lower rated customers. However, the customer is thinking, seeing and feeling more about themselves; their own families, budget, potential enjoyment and experiences. Through empathising with the customer, they are mainly concerned with these factors in deciding their purchase of the holiday package. Another stakeholder is the system developer, whose primary goal is to develop a functional system with the resources provided. Although they want the travel agency’s customers to be satisfied with this product, the focus of the developer is to ensure the system is efficient and effective for the employees.  Finally, a system empathy map was created, illustrating what the system will be doing (profiling, scoring and storing data) and hearing (any usage problems and complaints). The pains with the system are any errors or corrupted files and the system not being used efficiently, whereas the gains are increased sales, improved system performance and user interaction. 

The empathising directed us to define the problem, by starting with the two main stakeholders, Customer and RM, and creating Point of View (POV) statements for each. These are inferences made based on what was gathered from empathy mapping (and later stages of design thinking). From the POV of the customer reveals their need for a highly skilled and knowledgeable RM who can correctly inform them of their travel package. An insight to this, is the idea that customers may be limited by the RM’s performance and thus will not be convinced to purchase the package. On the other hand, insights from the RM show that they may not be performing to their highest standard and therefore, need to boost their delivery skills and knowledge to increase sales. From here, the backlog of user stories is created and prioritised to help define the problem; it includes the ineffective call flow rates and the inefficient routing of customers to relevant RM’s.  

The ideate stage is characterised by solutions and brainstorming. The POV statements lead directly into creating How Might We (HMW) statements which sparks inspiration for solutions to the above problem. The iterative and agile nature of design thinking allows us to use HMW to redefine the problem and improve the objectives in the previous stage. Similarly, the models and diagrams constructed in the prototyping stage feed into the ideate stage as they can spark new ideas. As it is difficult to test an un-interactive and intangible prototype, models are analysed in depth to gain a better understanding of the restraints that occur between the stakeholders and the system. We better understand the problem and perspective of the users and we can determine the customers willingness to purchase and use the product.
