# Design Thinking

Our project exploits a design thinking approach, which is a non-linear, solution-based process to solving problems. It iterates through stages of empathy, problem definition, ideation, prototyping and testing with aim to obtain a final product.

During the empathy stage, empathy maps were created to further analyse the stakeholders and their views. We gathered that the RM was mainly concerned with the customer, their rating and selling to them. Whereas, customers focus on themselves; budget, potential enjoyment, and experiences. System developers’ primary goal is to develop a functional system, under time and cost constraints, aiming to satisfy their customer. Finally, the system empathy map shows both the problems encountered and the gains made from the use of the system.

Empathising led us to define the problem, starting with the POV statements of the Customer and RM. These are inferences made based on empathising stages (and later stages of design thinking). The customer reveals a need for highly skilled and knowledgeable RM’s who can effectively inform them of their travel package. An insight from customers is that they are limited by the RM’s performance and thus will be unconvinced to purchase the package. Whereas, insights from the RM show potential underperformance and therefore, need to boost their delivery skills and knowledge. Then the backlog of user stories was created and prioritised to help define the problem at hand.

In the ideate stage, HMW statements were made which spark inspiration for solutions. The iterative nature of design thinking allowed us to redefine the problem and improve the objectives in the previous stage. As it is difficult to test an intangible prototype, models are analysed to further improve ideas and better understand the problem and perspective of the users.
