# Scrum Methodology

Scrum is an iterative and incremental process used in software development projects with activities undertaken to ensure requirements and solutions are constantly evolving. Although in this assignment, a software application was not being developed, GitHub and Scrum methodologies were used to understand Agile in the industry. We first defined the problem, identified the stakeholders and outlined assumptions about the current business process. In an agile environment, this is the first iteration and thus, we made a respective branch in GitHub, recording the logic behind this development using commit messages. From this, a backlog was made comprised of user stories followed by point of view and how might we statements. This design thinking stage correlates to start of the scrum sprints.  The next stage in the report, models and prototypes were built to reflect the iterative sprints of the product being built.  

GitHub allows for each team member to provide their own commits to the project which are reviewable before we merge them onto the branch. This gave us the extensibility when changes occurred and allowed us to easily adapt to changes in the requirements. Also, raising “Issues” in GitHub makes it easier for all members to view any problems, errors and thus, fix them in future iterations (robustness). Agile methods also require the team to track the progress of the tasks and their level of completion, this is achieved in the projects tab of GitHub where cards can be created and assigned to sections marked, "To do", "In progress" or "Done".
