# Stakeholders

Stakeholders are any individual or parties that are directly affected by the final outcome of a product or system. In the call management centre (CMC), there are variety of stakeholders that are involved in the system including the relationship manager (RM), the customer, the system user and the developer.

The Relationship Manager (RM) is a key stakeholder that is responsible for the selling of a holiday package to a customer through the communication means of telephone call; either an inbound or an outbound call. An RM uses a script or guideline, provided by the system, to help improve the overall customer service in the process of selling a holiday package to the customer. The RM's are ultimately responsible for the selling of a holiday package to a customer. 

A second stakeholder is the customer. The customer of the call management centre either receives a phone call from an RM to purchase a holiday package or the customer calls the centre and notifies the RM of their desire to purchase a holiday package. Customers vary immensely, in terms of differing budgets, purchasing habits, postcodes and overall wealth. Thus, the system ranks them with a score between 1-10; the higher the score, the higher the likeliness of a customer to purchase a package. The customer can also determine the success of a business, due to the amount of holiday packages purchased or otherwise not purchased. 

Another stakeholder is the system developer. The developer is responsible for ensuring the system is maintained and of the highest quality and efficiency every day. They create the guideline or script that an RM uses to help facilitate the sale of a holiday package to a customer. The developer must also ensure the customer ranking scores are kept private to the business to ensure no leaking of private information, including customer bank accounts and credit cards. The developer needs to  ensure the system matches a RM to a customer based on the RM's skill levels to increase overall efficiency of a potential sale. The Interactive Voice Response must also be maintained so that during high-traffic periods so that the customer can be transferred to the next best-matched available RM.

The system that is the backbone of the call management centre that is essential for running the business. It forwards calls to match RM's with great product knowledge and conversational skills with likeminded customers to ensure the highest possibility of a potential sale. Furthermore, the system has a Profiler Tool. This stores both personal information and experience of an RM to ensure they are matched with the right customer on either an inbound or outbound call. The system also creates a target list for each RM which is created based on their respective skill levels and experience in order to increase sales potential. The system also uses a call routing mechanism which helps minimise costs of calls inbound to the business to help with overhead cost management. It also makes a criterion for a customer, which ranks them with a score from 1-10, based on their likelihood to purchase a product. 
