Stakeholders

Stakeholders are any individual or parties that are directly affected by the final outcome of a product or system. In the call management centre (CMC), there are variety of stakeholders that are involved in the system including the relationship manager (RM), the customer, the system user and the developer.

The Relationship Manager (RM) is a key stakeholder in call management centre. The RM is responsible for the selling of a holiday package to a customer through the communication means of telephone call; either an inbound or an outbound call. An RM uses a script or guideline, provided by the system, to help improve the overall customer service in the process of selling a holiday package to the customer. The RM's are ultimately responsible for the selling of a holiday package to a customer. This means they have a substantial segment in determining the profitability of a business due to them being on the forefront of sales. 

A second key stakeholder is the customer. The customer of the call management centre either receives a phone call from an RM to purchase a holiday package or the customer calls the centre and tells the RM of their desire to purchase a holiday package. Customers vary immensely, in terms of differing budgets, purchasing habits, postcodes and overall wealth. Thus, the system ranks them with a score between 1-10; the higher the score, the higher the likeliness of a customer to purchase a package. The customer can also determine the success of a business, due to the amount of holiday packages purchased or otherwise not purchased. They are a key stakeholder in the call management centre.

Another stakeholder is the system developer. The developer is responsible for ensuring the system is maintained and of the highest quality and efficiency every day. They create the guideline or script that an RM uses to help facilitate the sale of a holiday package to a customer. This must be perfect as any problem in the script or guideline could be detrimental to the possibility of a sale. The developer must also ensure the customer ranking scores are kept private to the business to ensure no leaking of private information. Also, the confidential information such as customer bank accounts and credit cards must be protected by the system to ensure no breach of consumer privacy is made. The developer needs to furthermore ensure the system matches a RM to a customer based on the RM's skill levels to increase overall efficiency of a potential sale. The Interactive Voice Response must also be maintained so that during high-traffic periods, a customer can respond to a set criterion of questions made by the system so that the customer can be transferred to the next best-matched available RM. 

The system that is the backbone of the call management centre is another stakeholder that is essential for the running of the business. The system has a variety of roles within the business. It forwards calls to match RM's with likeminded customers to ensure the highest possibility of a potential sale. This means that customers with high probability to buy a holiday package will be linked with an RM with great product knowledge, conversational skills and high sales history. Furthermore, the system has a Profiler Tool. This keeps both personal information and experience of an RM to ensure they are matched with the right customer on either an inbound or outbound call. The system also creates a target list for each RM which is created based on their respective skill levels and experience in order to increase sales potential. The system also uses a call routing mechanism which helps minimise costs of calls inbound to the business to help with overhead cost management. It also makes a criterion for a customer, which ranks them with a score from 1-10, based on their likelihood to purchase a product. The system is an essential and key stakeholder in the business.
